VAULT-20669: Add New Authenticated Endpoint for Version (#23740)
hashicorp/vault: website/content/api-docs/system/internal-ui-version.mdx

---
layout: api
page_title: /sys/internal/ui/version - HTTP API
description: >-
  The `/sys/internal/ui/version` endpoint exposes the software version of Vault.
---

# `/sys/internal/ui/version`

> The `/sys/internal/ui/version` endpoint is used to expose the software version
> of Vault to the UI so that it can be displayed to logged in users.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `/sys/internal/ui/version` endpoint exposes the Vault software version
so the Vault UI can display the information to logged in users.
```

Style correction: write in active voice

> This is currently only being used internally for the UI. Due to the nature of its
> intended usage, there is no guarantee on backwards compatibility for this endpoint.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Vault uses internal endpoints to provide information to the Vault UI and
CLI. Internal endpoints are explicitly intended to support Vault
functionality, so we do not recommend them for general use
and do not guarantee backwards compatibility across versions.
```

Style correction: avoid "this" as a pronoun. Make it explicit that we recommend against general use and it's a "use at your own risk" situation

Author: I don't think that there's any practical use by the CLI of the internal endpoints. Are you ok if I take your suggestion minus the `and CLI` (lines 13 and 14).

## Get version

> This endpoint exposes the software version of Vault to the UI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Return the current software version of Vault.
```

Style correction: avoid "this" as a pronoun, technically the endpoint just returns information. The fact that we use it in the UI is secondary

| Method | Path                       |
| :----- | :------------------------- |
| `GET`  | `/sys/internal/ui/version` |

### Sample request

```shell-session
$ curl \
    --header "X-Vault-Token: ..." \
    --request GET \
    http://127.0.0.1:8200/v1/sys/internal/ui/version
```

### Sample response

```json
{
  "request_id": "d585b9be-9c6f-a05f-939b-490cf062ebbe",
  "lease_id": "",
  "renewable": false,
  "lease_duration": 0,
  "data": {

>     "version": "..."

Reviewer 2: I think it would be worth specifying a fake version here, so people know what to expect.
